<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-4 sticky-column">
        <h5 class="px-2">Content on this page</h5>

        <nav id="content-list" class="nav nav-pills flex-column">
            <a class="nav-link" href="#item-1">1 Name and address of the person responsible</a>
            <a class="nav-link" href="#item-2">2 Name and address of the data protection officer</a>
            <a class="nav-link" href="#item-3">3 General information on data processing</a>
            <a class="nav-link" href="#item-4">4 Provision of the website and creation of log files</a>
            <a class="nav-link" href="#item-5">5 Contact form and e-mail contact</a>
            <a class="nav-link" href="#item-6">6 Newsletter subscription</a>
            <a class="nav-link" href="#item-7">7 Form entries</a>
            <a class="nav-link" href="#item-8">8 Embedding of Videos</a>

            <a class="nav-link" href="#item-9">9 Rights of the data subject</a>
            <nav class="nav nav-pills flex-column">
                <a class="nav-link ml-3 my-1" href="#item-9-1">9.1 Right to information pursuant to Article 15 GDPR</a>
                <a class="nav-link ml-3 my-1" href="#item-9-2">9.2 Right of rectification in accordance with Article 16 GDPR</a>
                <a class="nav-link ml-3 my-1" href="#item-9-3">9.3 Right to limitation of processing in accordance with Article 18 GDPR</a>
                <a class="nav-link ml-3 my-1" href="#item-9-4">9.4 Right to cancellation in accordance with Article 17 GDPR</a>
                <a class="nav-link ml-3 my-1" href="#item-9-5">9.5 Right of information pursuant to Article 19 GDPR</a>
                <a class="nav-link ml-3 my-1" href="#item-9-6">9.6 Right to data transferability in accordance with Article 20 GDPR</a>
                <a class="nav-link ml-3 my-1" href="#item-9-7">9.7 Right of objection according to Article 21 GDPR</a>
            </nav>

            <a class="nav-link" href="#item-10">10 Data protection officer at Leibniz Universität Hannover</a>
        </nav>
    </div>

    <div class="col-8">
        <div id="item-1" class="mb-4">
            <h3 class="text-uppercase">1 Name and address of the person responsible</h3>

            <div class="c-section-text">
                <p>The person responsible within the meaning of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other national data protection laws and regulations is:</p>
                <dl class="row no-gutters">
                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Address</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9">Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Universität Hannover<br/>Welfengarten 1<br/>30167 Hannover</dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Phone</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a href="tel:+49 511 762 0">+49 511 762 0</a></dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Fax</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a href="tel:+49 511 762 3456">+49 511 762 3456</a></dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Website</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a href="https://www.uni-hannover.de" target="_blank">www.uni-hannover.de</a></dd>
                </dl>
                <p>Leibniz Universität Hannover is a corporation under public law and is legally represented by its <a href="https://www.uni-hannover.de/en/universitaet/praesidium/praesident/">President</a>, Prof. Dr. iur. Volker Epping.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div id="item-2" class="mb-4">
            <h3 class="text-uppercase">2 Name and address of the data protection officer</h3>
            <div class="c-section-text">
                <p>The data protection officer of Leibniz Universität Hannover is:</p>
                <dl class="row no-gutters">
                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Address</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9">Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Universität Hannover<br/> - Datenschutzbeauftragter - <br/>Königsworther Platz 1<br/>30167 Hannover</dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Phone</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a href="tel:+49 511 762 8132">+49 511 762 8132</a></dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Fax</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a href="tel:+49 511 762 8258">+49 511 762 8258</a></dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Email</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a href="mailto:datenschutz@uni-hannover.de">datenschutz@uni-hannover.de</a></dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Website</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a href="https://www.uni-hannover.de/en/universitaet/organisation/beauftragte-und-vertretungen/datenschutz/" target="_blank">www.uni-hannover.de</a></dd>
                </dl>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div id="item-3" class="mb-4">
            <h3 class="text-uppercase">3 General information on data processing</h3>
            <div class="c-section-text">
                <p>We process our users' personal data only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website as well as our content and services. The processing of our users' personal
                    data generally only takes place with the user's consent. An exception applies in those cases where prior consent cannot be obtained for factual reasons and processing of the data is
                    permitted by law.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div id="item-4" class="mb-4">
            <h3 class="text-uppercase">4 Provision of the website and creation of log files</h3>
            <div class="c-section-text">
                <p>Every time you visit our website, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer.</p>
                <p>The following data is collected:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>information about the browser type and version used</li>
                    <li>the user's operating system</li>
                    <li>the user's Internet service provider</li>
                    <li>the IP address of the user</li>
                    <li>date and time of access</li>
                    <li>the website from which the user's system reaches our website</li>
                    <li>the website accessed by the user's system via our website</li>
                </ul>
                <p>The data is also stored in the log files of our system. This data is not stored together with other personal data of the user.</p>
                <p>The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR.</p>
                <p>The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable the website to be delivered to the user's computer. For this the IP address of the user must remain
                    stored for the duration of the session. The data is stored in log files to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, the data serves us to optimize the website and to ensure
                    the security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context. Our legitimate interest in data processing
                    pursuant to Article 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR also lies in these purposes.</p>
                <p>The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. In the case of the collection of data for the provision of the
                    website, this is the case when the respective session has ended.</p>
                <p>If the data is stored in log files, this is the case after seven days at the latest. Further storage is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or
                    alienated, so that an assignment of the calling client is no longer possible.</p>
                <p>The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of data in log files is absolutely necessary for the operation of the website. Consequently, there is no
                    possibility of objection on the part of the user.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div id="item-5" class="mb-4">
            <h3 class="text-uppercase">5 Contact form and e-mail contact</h3>
            <div class="c-section-text">
                <p>There is a contact form on our website which can be used for electronic contact. If a user takes advantage of this possibility, the data entered in the input mask will be
                    transmitted to us and stored. Your consent is obtained for the processing of the data within the scope of the sending process and reference is made to this data protection declaration.
                    Alternatively, you can contact us via the e-mail address provided. In this case, the user's personal data transmitted by e-mail will be stored. In this context, the data will not be
                    passed on to third parties. The data is used exclusively for processing the conversation. The legal basis for the processing of data is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter a GDPR if the user has
                    given his consent. The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted in the course of sending an e-mail is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR. If the e-mail contact aims at the
                    conclusion of a contract, then additional legal basis for the processing is Article 6 exp. 1 letter b GDPR.</p>
                <p>The processing of the personal data from the input mask serves us only for the treatment of the establishment of contact. In the event of contact by e-mail, this also constitutes
                    the necessary legitimate interest in the processing of the data.</p>
                <p>The other personal data processed during the sending process serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.</p>
                <p>The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. For the personal data from the input mask of the contact form
                    and those that were sent by e-mail, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user is finished. The conversation is terminated when it can be inferred from the
                    circumstances that the facts in question have been finally clarified.</p>
                <p>The additional personal data collected during the sending process will be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.</p>
                <p>The user has the possibility to revoke his consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by e-mail, he can object to the storage of his personal
                    data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot be continued. All personal data stored in the course of contacting us will be deleted in this case.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div id="item-6" class="mb-4">
            <h3 class="text-uppercase">6 Newsletter subscription</h3>
            <div class="c-section-text">
                <p>On some Leibniz Universität websites it is possible to subscribe to a free newsletter using an online form. When registering for the newsletter, the data from the input mask is
                    transmitted to us. In addition, the IP address of the calling computer and the date and time of registration are collected and processed. In the course of the registration process, your
                    consent is obtained for the processing of the data and reference is made to this data protection declaration.</p>
                <p>In connection with data processing for the dispatch of newsletters, no data is passed on to third parties. The data will be used exclusively for sending the newsletter.</p>
                <p>The legal basis for the processing of the data after registration for the newsletter by the user is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter a GDPR.</p>
                <p>The collection of the user's e-mail address serves to send the newsletter. The collection of other personal data as part of the registration process serves to provide proof of
                    registration for the newsletter and, if necessary, to prevent misuse of the services or the e-mail address used. The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to
                    achieve the purpose for which they were collected. The user's e-mail address will therefore be stored for as long as the subscription to the newsletter is active.</p>
                <p>Consent to the sending of the newsletter can be revoked by the user concerned at any time and the newsletter can be cancelled. For this purpose there is a corresponding link in
                    every newsletter.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div id="item-7" class="mb-4">
            <h3 class="text-uppercase">7 Form entries</h3>
            <div class="c-section-text">
                <p>Where internet services allow for the entry of personal or business data (E-mail addresses, names, addresses), disclosing this data is on an expressly voluntary basis on the part of
                    the user. The legal basis for such processing is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter a) GDPR. The collection and processing of data serves only the purpose stated in the respective online form.
                    A discolure or passing on to third parties does not take place. Using and paying for all services offered is - as far as this is technically possible and reasonable - granted also without
                    disclosure of such data or through the use of anonymised data or a pseudonym. The use by third parties of contact data published in the imprint or similar, such as postal addresses,
                    telephone and fax numbers and e-mail addresses, for transmitting not specifically requested information is not allowed. We expressly reserve the right to take legal steps against the
                    senders of so-called spam mails which violate this prohibition.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
        <ui:fragment rendered="false">
            <div id="c47413" class="mb-4">
                <h3 class="text-uppercase">Web analytics with Matomo (formerly PIWIK)</h3>
                <div class="c-section-text">
                    <p>We use the open source software tool Matomo (formerly PIWIK) on our website on the basis of our legitimate interest in statistical analysis of user behaviour for optimization and
                        marketing purposes in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 letter f GDPR.</p>
                    <p>Cookies may be used for this purpose. Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the visitor's Internet browser. The cookies enable, among other things,
                        the recognition of the Internet browser. The data collected with Matomo technology (including your anonymised IP address) is processed on our servers.</p>
                    <p>If individual pages of our website are accessed, the following data is stored:</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Two bytes of the IP address of the user's calling system</li>
                        <li>The accessed website</li>
                        <li>The website from which the user has accessed the accessed website (referrer)</li>
                        <li>The subpages that are accessed from the accessed website</li>
                        <li>the time spent on the website</li>
                        <li>the frequency with which the website is accessed</li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>The software is set so that the IP addresses are not completely stored, but 2 bytes of the IP address are masked (e.g.: 130.75.xxx.xxx). In this way it is no longer possible to
                        associate the shortened IP address with the computer accessing it. By anonymising the IP address, sufficient account is taken of the users' interest in protecting their personal data.</p>
                    <p>Cookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted to our site. Therefore, you as a user also have full control over the use of cookies. You can deactivate or restrict the
                        transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies
                        are deactivated for our website, it may no longer be possible to use all functions of the website in full.</p>
                    <p>We offer our users on our website the possibility of an opt-out from the analysis procedure. In this way, another cookie is placed on your system, which signals to our system not to
                        store the user's data. If the user deletes the corresponding cookie from his own system in the meantime, he must set the opt-out cookie again.</p>
                </div>

                <div id="c47414" class="mb-3">
                    <h5 class="my-2">Revocation of data collection through Matomo</h5>
                    <div class="c-section-text">
                        <p>
                            Matomo endorses the "Do Not Track" method of current web browsers. If you wish to generally prohibit any analysis of your web behaviour, we recommend that you activate this option in your
                            browser. Alternatively, you can prohibit Matomo web analysis
                            <b>on websites in the uni-hannover.de network</b> area by using the following button.
                        </p>
                    </div>
                </div>

                <div id="c47415" class="mb-4">
                    <iframe scrolling="auto" style="background: #f7f7f7; border: 1px solid #c6c6c6;"
                            src="https://www.piwik.rrzn.uni-hannover.de/optout.php?module=CoreAdminHome&amp;action=optOut&amp;language=en"
                            width="100%" height="300px"
                    ></iframe>
                </div>

                <div id="c47416" class="mb-4">
                    <div class="c-section-text">
                        <p>More information about the privacy settings of the Matomo software can be found at the following link: <a
                                href="https://matomo.org/docs/privacy/" target="_blank">https://matomo.org/docs/privacy/</a>.</p>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </ui:fragment>
        <div id="item-8" class="mb-4">
            <h3 class="text-uppercase">8 Embedding of Videos</h3>
            <div class="c-section-text">
                <p>We use the providers Vimeo and YouTube in order to incorporate videos. Like most websites, these providers use cookies to collect information on visitors to its website. They use them to collect video statistics, to prevent fraud and to improve usability.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div id="item-9" class="mb-4">
            <h3 class="text-uppercase">9 Rights of the data subject</h3>
            <div class="c-section-text">
                <p>If personal data are processed by you, you are affected within the meaning of the GDPR and you have the following rights towards the person responsible:</p>
            </div>

            <div id="item-9-1" class="mb-3">
                <h5 class="my-2">9.1 Right to information pursuant to Article 15 GDPR</h5>

                <div class="c-section-text">
                    <p>You can ask the person in charge to confirm whether personal data concerning you will be processed by us.</p>
                    <p>If such processing has taken place, you can request the following information from the person responsible:</p>
                    <ol>
                        <li>the purposes for which the personal data are processed;</li>
                        <li>the categories of personal data being processed;</li>
                        <li>the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been or are still being disclosed;</li>
                        <li>the planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning you or, if specific information on this is not possible, criteria for determining the storage period;</li>
                        <li>the existence of a right to rectification or deletion of personal data concerning you, a right to limitation of processing by the controller or a right to object to such
                            processing;</li>
                        <li>the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;</li>
                        <li>any available information on the origin of the data if the personal data are not collected from the data subject;</li>
                        <li>the existence of automated decision-making including profiling in accordance with Article 22 paragraph 1 and 4 GDPR and - at least in these cases - meaningful information on the
                            logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.</li>
                    </ol>

                    <p>You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning you is transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. In this context, you
                        may request to be informed of the appropriate guarantees pursuant to Article 46 GDPR in connection with the transmission.</p>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div id="item-9-2" class="mb-3">
                <h5 class="my-2">9.2 Right of rectification in accordance with Article 16 GDPR</h5>

                <div class="c-section-text">
                    <p>You have a right of rectification and/or completion towards the data controller if the personal data processed concerning you are incorrect or incomplete. The person responsible
                        shall make the correction without delay.</p>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div id="item-9-3" class="mb-3">
                <h5 class="my-2">9.3 Right to limitation of processing in accordance with Article 18 GDPR</h5>

                <div class="c-section-text">
                    <p>Under the following conditions, you may request that the processing of personal data concerning you be restricted:</p>
                    <ol>
                        <li>if you dispute the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period that enables the data controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;</li>
                        <li>the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete the personal data and instead request that the use of the personal data be restricted;</li>
                        <li>the data controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you do need them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or</li>
                        <li>if you have filed an objection to the processing pursuant to Article 21 paragraph 1 GDPR and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate reasons of the person responsible outweigh your reasons.</li>
                    </ol>
                    <p>If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, such data may only be processed - apart from being stored - with your consent or for the purpose of asserting,
                        exercising or defending rights or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public interest of the Union or a Member State.</p>
                    <p>If the processing restriction has been restricted according to the above conditions, you will be informed by the person responsible before the restriction is lifted.</p>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div id="item-9-4" class="mb-3">
                <h5 class="my-2">9.4 Right to cancellation in accordance with Article 17 GDPR</h5>

                <div class="c-section-text">
                    <h6>a) Duty to delete</h6>
                    <p>You may request the data controller to delete the personal data relating to you without delay and the controller is obliged to delete this data without delay if one of the following
                        reasons applies:</p>
                    <ol>
                        <li>The personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.</li>
                        <li>You revoke your consent, on which the processing was based pursuant to Article 6 paragraph 1 letter a or Article 9 paragraph 2 letter a GDPR, and there is no other legal basis for the processing.</li>
                        <li>You file an objection against the processing pursuant to Article 21 paragraph 1 GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you file an objection against the processing pursuant to Article 21 paragraph 2 GDPR.</li>
                        <li>The personal data concerning you have been processed unlawfully.</li>
                        <li>The deletion of personal data relating to you is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the data controller is subject.</li>
                        <li>The personal data concerning you were collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant to Article 8 paragraph 1 GDPR.</li>
                    </ol>

                    <h6>b) Information to third parties</h6>
                    <p>If the data controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged to delete it pursuant to Article 17 paragraph 1 GDPR, he shall take appropriate measures,
                        including technical measures, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, to inform data processors who process the personal data that you as the data
                        subject have requested the deletion of all links to this personal data or of copies or replications of this personal data.</p>

                    <h6>c) Exceptions</h6>
                    <p>The right to cancellation does not exist insofar as the processing is necessary</p>
                    <ol>
                        <li>to exercise freedom of expression and information;</li>
                        <li>for the performance of a legal obligation required for processing under the law of the Union or of the Member States to which the controller is subject or for the performance of
                            a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on the controller;</li>
                        <li>for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Article 9 paragraph 2 letter h and i and Article 9 paragraph 3 GDPR;</li>
                        <li>for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89 paragraph 1 GDPR, insofar as the law
                            referred to under a) is likely to make it impossible or seriously impair the attainment of the objectives of such processing, or</li>
                        <li>to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.</li>
                    </ol>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div id="item-9-5" class="mb-3">
                <h5 class="my-2">9.5 Right of information pursuant to Article 19 GDPR</h5>

                <div class="c-section-text">
                    <p>If you have exercised your right to have the data controller correct, delete or limit the processing, he/she is obliged to inform all recipients to whom the personal data concerning
                        you have been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction on processing, unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.</p>
                    <p>The person responsible shall have the right to be informed of such recipients.</p>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div id="item-9-6" class="mb-3">
                <h5 class="my-2">9.6 Right to data transferability in accordance with Article 20 GDPR</h5>

                <div class="c-section-text">
                    <p>You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to the person responsible in a structured, common and machine-readable format. In addition, you
                        have the right to pass this data on to another person in charge without obstruction by the person in charge to whom the personal data was provided, provided that</p>
                    <ol>
                        <li>processing is based on consent pursuant to Article 6 paragraph 1 letter a GDPR or Article 9 paragraph 2 letter a GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Article 6 paragraph 1 letter b
                            GDPR and</li>
                        <li>processing is carried out by means of automated methods.</li>
                    </ol>
                    <p>In exercising this right, you also have the right to request that the personal data concerning you be transferred directly from one data controller to another data controller,
                        insofar as this is technically feasible. The freedoms and rights of other persons must not be affected by this.</p>
                    <p>The right to transferability shall not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official
                        authority conferred on the controller.</p>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div id="item-9-7" class="mb-3">
                <h5 class="my-2">9.7 Right of objection according to Article 21 GDPR</h5>

                <div class="c-section-text">
                    <p>You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you under Article 6(1)(e) or (f) of the
                        DSBER; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.</p>
                    <p>The data controller no longer processes the personal data concerning you, unless he can prove compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing, which outweigh your
                        interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.</p>
                    <p>If the personal data concerning you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data concerning you for
                        the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling, insofar as it is associated with such direct marketing.</p>
                    <p>If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for these purposes.</p>
                    <p>You have the possibility to exercise your right of objection in connection with the use of Information Society services by means of automated procedures using technical
                        specifications, notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC.</p>

                    <h6>Right to revoke the data protection declaration of consent pursuant to Article 7 Paragraph 3 GDPR</h6>
                    <p>You have the right to revoke your data protection declaration of consent at any time. The revocation of consent shall not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the
                        basis of the consent until revocation.</p>

                    <h6>Automated decision in individual cases including profiling according to Article 22 GDPR</h6>
                    <p>You have the right not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on automated processing - including profiling - that has legal effect against you or significantly impairs you
                        in a similar manner. This does not apply if the decision</p>
                    <ol>
                        <li>is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the person responsible,</li>
                        <li>the legislation of the Union or of the Member States to which the person responsible is subject is admissible and that legislation contains appropriate measures to safeguard
                            your rights, freedoms and legitimate interests; or</li>
                        <li>with your express consent.</li>
                    </ol>
                    <p>However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of personal data pursuant to Article 9 paragraph 1 GDPR, unless Article 9 paragraph 2 letter a or g GDPR applies and
                        appropriate measures have been taken to protect your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.</p>
                    <p>In the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the person responsible shall take reasonable measures to safeguard your rights, freedoms and legitimate interests, including at least the
                        right to obtain the intervention of a person by the person responsible, to state his own position and to challenge the decision.</p>
                    <h6>Right of appeal to a supervisory authority</h6>
                    <p>Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State where you reside, work
                        or suspect of infringement, if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you is contrary to the GDPR.</p>
                    <p>The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial
                        remedy under Article 78 GDPR.</p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div id="item-10" class="mb-4">
            <h3 class="text-uppercase">10 Data protection officer at Leibniz Universität Hannover</h3>
            <div class="c-section-text">
                <b>Ass. iur. Simon Graupe, LL.M.</b>

                <dl class="row no-gutters">
                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Phone</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a href="tel:+49 511 762 8132">+49 511 762 8132</a></dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Fax</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a href="tel:+49 511 762 8258">+49 511 762 8258</a></dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Email</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a href="mailto:datenschutz@uni-hannover.de">datenschutz@uni-hannover.de</a></dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Address</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9">Königsworther Platz 1<br/> 30167 Hannover</dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Building</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a target="_blank" href="https://info.cafm.uni-hannover.de/building/1502">1502</a></dd>

                    <dt class="col-sm-3">Room</dt>
                    <dd class="col-sm-9"><a target="_blank" href="https://info.cafm.uni-hannover.de/room/1502/228">228</a></dd>
                </dl>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="row text-center">
            <div class="col">
                <a href="https://www.uni-hannover.de/en/universitaet/organisation/beauftragte-und-vertretungen/datenschutz/">Go to DPO website</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

</ui:composition>
